presentation_materials/mdanalysis/README.md, before:

# MDAnalysis UGM Presentations

## **Welcome and Opening Remarks**, by Oliver Beckstein (@orbeckst)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Welcome_and_Opening_Remarks    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **MDAnalysis State of the Union**, by Richard Gowers (@richardjgowers)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|MDAnalysis_State_of_the_Union    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **Everything You Wanted to Know About MDAnalysis, But Didn't Dare Ask!**, by Richard Gowers (@richardjgowers), Yuxuan Zhuang (@yuxuanzhuang) and Hugo MacDermott-Opeskin (@hmacdope)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|How_its_made_MDA_edition    |PDF          |presentation slides             |
|parallel_analysis_session   |ipynb        |interactive notebook            |

## **Closing Remarks**, by Oliver Beckstein (@orbeckst)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Closing_Remarks    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **A Bird's Eye View of Contributing to and Maintaining Open Source Software**, by Fiona Naughton (@fiona-naughton) and Oliver Beckstein (@orbeckst)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Contributing_to_and_Maintaining_OSS    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **Hackathon Introduction & Project Setup**, by Yuxuan Zhuang (@yuxuanzhuang)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Hackathon_Introduction    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **Hackathon Project Showcase**

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Hackathon_Showcase   |PDF          |presentation slides             |

Commit message:

Update README.md with Lawson's blog post

presentation_materials/mdanalysis/README.md, after:

# MDAnalysis UGM Presentations

## **Welcome and Opening Remarks**, by Oliver Beckstein (@orbeckst)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Welcome_and_Opening_Remarks    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **MDAnalysis State of the Union**, by Richard Gowers (@richardjgowers)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|MDAnalysis_State_of_the_Union    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **Everything You Wanted to Know About MDAnalysis, But Didn't Dare Ask!**, by Richard Gowers (@richardjgowers), Yuxuan Zhuang (@yuxuanzhuang) and Hugo MacDermott-Opeskin (@hmacdope)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|How_its_made_MDA_edition    |PDF          |presentation slides             |
|parallel_analysis_session   |ipynb        |interactive notebook            |
|[https://www.mdanalysis.org/2024/08/03/gsoc2024_woods](https://www.mdanalysis.org/2024/08/03/gsoc2024_woods)  |URL  |"GSoC 2024 - Streaming H5MD trajectories from the cloud" blog post, by Lawson Woods (@ljwoods2)  |

## **Closing Remarks**, by Oliver Beckstein (@orbeckst)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Closing_Remarks    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **A Bird's Eye View of Contributing to and Maintaining Open Source Software**, by Fiona Naughton (@fiona-naughton) and Oliver Beckstein (@orbeckst)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Contributing_to_and_Maintaining_OSS    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **Hackathon Introduction & Project Setup**, by Yuxuan Zhuang (@yuxuanzhuang)

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Hackathon_Introduction    |PDF          |presentation slides             |

## **Hackathon Project Showcase**

### Description of Materials
| file name   | file format | short description              |
|-------------|-------------|--------------------------------|
|Hackathon_Showcase   |PDF          |presentation slides             |
