README.md, before:

# MDAnalysis UGM 2024

<img
src="https://github.com/MDAnalysis/branding/blob/main/logos/UGM/2024/mdanalysis-ugm2024.png"
title="MDAnalysis UGM 2024" alt="MDAnalysis UGM 2024"
style="float: left; height: 10em; " />

The [MDAnalysis User Group Meeting](https://www.mdanalysis.org/pages/ugm2024/) (UGM) will bring together users and developers of the MDAnalysis package from different communities. Our goal is to foster an interdisciplinary opportunity to connect for researchers and developers across biomolecular simulations, soft matter, biophysics and more. This repository includes relevant materials for the UGM.

## When and Where
### **Main Meeting (21st & 22nd August) and [Hackathon](./hackathon) (23rd August)**

[King's College London (KCL) Bush House Lecture Theatre 1](https://www.kcl.ac.uk/kingsvenues/rooms/bh-lt1), Strand Campus
30 Aldwych, London, WC2B 4BG, United Kingdom

*A campus map ([KCLstrandMap.pdf](./KCLstrandMap.pdf)) is included in this repo.* 

## Code of Conduct
All members of the MDAnalysis community and participants in this UGM are expected to abide by the MDAnalysis [Code of Conduct](https://www.mdanalysis.org/pages/conduct/) (CoC). If at any point you see or experience something that makes you uncomfortable, you may fill out the [reporting form](https://forms.gle/r2SMU4XcwM814CpJ9) or speak with any of the CoC committee members ([Jenna Swarthout Goddard](mailto:community@mdanalysis.org), [Micaela Matta](mailto:micaela@mdanalysis.org), [Richard Gowers](mailto:richard@mdanalysis.org)) at the UGM; the committee members will identify themselves at the start of the event.

## Contents

| day   | name                     | description       |
|-------|--------------------------|-------------------|
| Day 1 | main meeting             | MDAnalysis State of the Union, talks related to using MDAnalysis in different applications, a keynote talk by Antonia Mey, and more! |
| Day 2 | main meeting             | More talks about using and developing MDAnalysis, a keynote talk by Francesca Stanzione, a behind-the-scenes peek into the MDAnalysis library's code, and more! |
| Day 3 | [hackathon](./hackathon) | Work with experts on MDAnalysis code or team up and build something amazing! |

*The full program ([mdaUGM2024-agenda.pdf](./mdaUGM2024-agenda.pdf)) and abstracts book ([mdaUGM2024-abstracts.pdf](./mdaUGM2024-abstracts.pdf)) are included in this repo.* 

## Health and Safety
We are committed to providing a safe, comfortable, and healthy environment for the MDAnalysis UGM and have looked to local and international entities and other organizations in the open source community to develop onsite safety measures for UGM attendees.

### Vaccine Policy
MDAnalysis strongly recommends that UGM attendees remain current (i.e., receiving all recommended primary and booster doses recommended by your local government) with their COVID-19 vaccinations as a personal protective measure.

### Testing
A COVID-19 test result is not required to determine whether you can attend the UGM. A limited number of rapid self-tests will be made available at check-in for those who would like to test themselves for COVID-19 during the meeting.

*Testing Positive for COVID-19*

Individuals who are COVID-positive should not attend the UGM. If you receive a positive COVID-19 test result during the UGM, please [notify the MDAnalysis UGM organizing committee](mailto:ugm@mdanalysis.org) and do not return to the event while you are still COVID-positive.

### Face Coverings
Face coverings are not required, but are welcomed. We view face coverings as a personal choice and will support attendees in their choice to wear or not to wear a face covering.

### Social Distancing and Hygiene
While we will be unable to enforce social distancing guidelines during the UGM, there is extra seating capacity at the venue that allows for voluntary distancing. At check-in, you will have the option to indicate your comfort level with social distancing on your name tag.

## License

Written materials are provided under the [CC-BY-4.0 SA license](LICENSE.md).

[NumFOCUS](https://numfocus.org/) as the fiscal sponsor of MDAnalysis holds all rights on the MDAnalysis logos and any future derivatives. See the file [https://github.com/MDAnalysis/branding/blob/main/logos/LICENSE](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/branding/blob/main/logos/LICENSE) for more details.

## Acknowledgements

Please see [`AUTHORS.md`](AUTHORS.md) for a list of contributors to the workshop materials.

We would like to give a special thanks to our partner for the 2024 MDAnalysis UGM, the [Thomas Young Centre](https://thomasyoungcentre.org/).

<a href="https://thomasyoungcentre.org/">
<img
src="/logos/TYC_Logo.png"
title="Thomas Young Centre Logo" alt="Thomas Young Centre Logo"
style="float: left; height: 5em; " />
<a/>

The MDAnalysis UGM has been made possible in part by:
* Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI) grants; 2022-253062 and DAF2021-237663 (grant DOI https://doi.org/10.37921/426590wiobus), from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative DAF, an advised fund of Silicon Valley Community Foundation (funder DOI 10.13039/100014989)
  
<a href="https://chanzuckerberg.com/">
<img
src="/logos/CZI_Logo.jpg"
title="Chan Zuckerberg Initiative Logo" alt="Chan Zuckerberg Initiative Logo"
style="float: left; height: 5em; " />
<a/>
  
* The Molecular Graphics and Modeling Society

<a href="https://mgms.org/">
<img
src="/logos/MGMS_Logo.jpeg"
title="Molecular Graphics and Modelling Society Logo" alt="Molecular Graphics and Modelling Society Logo"
style="float: left; height: 5em; " />
<a/>

MDAnalysis also thanks [NumFOCUS](https://www.numfocus.org/) for its continued support as our fiscal sponsor.

<a href="https://numfocus.org/">
<img
src="/logos/numfocus-sponsored.png"
title="NumFOCUS Sponsored Project Logo" alt="NumFOCUS Sponsored Project Logo"
style="float: left; height: 5em; " />
<a/>

Commit message:

Update README.md with Auditorium location/directions

README.md, after:

# MDAnalysis UGM 2024

<img
src="https://github.com/MDAnalysis/branding/blob/main/logos/UGM/2024/mdanalysis-ugm2024.png"
title="MDAnalysis UGM 2024" alt="MDAnalysis UGM 2024"
style="float: left; height: 10em; " />

The [MDAnalysis User Group Meeting](https://www.mdanalysis.org/pages/ugm2024/) (UGM) will bring together users and developers of the MDAnalysis package from different communities. Our goal is to foster an interdisciplinary opportunity to connect for researchers and developers across biomolecular simulations, soft matter, biophysics and more. This repository includes relevant materials for the UGM.

## When and Where
### **Main Meeting (21st & 22nd August) and [Hackathon](./hackathon) (23rd August)**

[King's College London (KCL) Bush House Auditorium](https://www.kcl.ac.uk/kingsvenues/rooms/bh-auditorium), Strand Campus
30 Aldwych, London, WC2B 4BG, United Kingdom

*Directions and a campus map ([UGM_directions.pdf](./UGM_directions.pdf)) are included in this repo.* 

## Code of Conduct
All members of the MDAnalysis community and participants in this UGM are expected to abide by the MDAnalysis [Code of Conduct](https://www.mdanalysis.org/pages/conduct/) (CoC). If at any point you see or experience something that makes you uncomfortable, you may fill out the [reporting form](https://forms.gle/r2SMU4XcwM814CpJ9) or speak with any of the CoC committee members ([Jenna Swarthout Goddard](mailto:community@mdanalysis.org), [Micaela Matta](mailto:micaela@mdanalysis.org), [Richard Gowers](mailto:richard@mdanalysis.org)) at the UGM; the committee members will identify themselves at the start of the event.

## Contents

| day   | name                     | description       |
|-------|--------------------------|-------------------|
| Day 1 | main meeting             | MDAnalysis State of the Union, talks related to using MDAnalysis in different applications, a keynote talk by Antonia Mey, and more! |
| Day 2 | main meeting             | More talks about using and developing MDAnalysis, a keynote talk by Francesca Stanzione, a behind-the-scenes peek into the MDAnalysis library's code, and more! |
| Day 3 | [hackathon](./hackathon) | Work with experts on MDAnalysis code or team up and build something amazing! |

*The full program ([mdaUGM2024-agenda.pdf](./mdaUGM2024-agenda.pdf)) and abstracts book ([mdaUGM2024-abstracts.pdf](./mdaUGM2024-abstracts.pdf)) are included in this repo.* 

## Health and Safety
We are committed to providing a safe, comfortable, and healthy environment for the MDAnalysis UGM and have looked to local and international entities and other organizations in the open source community to develop onsite safety measures for UGM attendees.

### Vaccine Policy
MDAnalysis strongly recommends that UGM attendees remain current (i.e., receiving all recommended primary and booster doses recommended by your local government) with their COVID-19 vaccinations as a personal protective measure.

### Testing
A COVID-19 test result is not required to determine whether you can attend the UGM. A limited number of rapid self-tests will be made available at check-in for those who would like to test themselves for COVID-19 during the meeting.

*Testing Positive for COVID-19*

Individuals who are COVID-positive should not attend the UGM. If you receive a positive COVID-19 test result during the UGM, please [notify the MDAnalysis UGM organizing committee](mailto:ugm@mdanalysis.org) and do not return to the event while you are still COVID-positive.

### Face Coverings
Face coverings are not required, but are welcomed. We view face coverings as a personal choice and will support attendees in their choice to wear or not to wear a face covering.

### Social Distancing and Hygiene
While we will be unable to enforce social distancing guidelines during the UGM, there is extra seating capacity at the venue that allows for voluntary distancing. At check-in, you will have the option to indicate your comfort level with social distancing on your name tag.

## License

Written materials are provided under the [CC-BY-4.0 SA license](LICENSE.md).

[NumFOCUS](https://numfocus.org/) as the fiscal sponsor of MDAnalysis holds all rights on the MDAnalysis logos and any future derivatives. See the file [https://github.com/MDAnalysis/branding/blob/main/logos/LICENSE](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/branding/blob/main/logos/LICENSE) for more details.

## Acknowledgements

Please see [`AUTHORS.md`](AUTHORS.md) for a list of contributors to the workshop materials.

We would like to give a special thanks to our partner for the 2024 MDAnalysis UGM, the [Thomas Young Centre](https://thomasyoungcentre.org/).

<a href="https://thomasyoungcentre.org/">
<img
src="/logos/TYC_Logo.png"
title="Thomas Young Centre Logo" alt="Thomas Young Centre Logo"
style="float: left; height: 5em; " />
<a/>

The MDAnalysis UGM has been made possible in part by:
* Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI) grants; 2022-253062 and DAF2021-237663 (grant DOI https://doi.org/10.37921/426590wiobus), from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative DAF, an advised fund of Silicon Valley Community Foundation (funder DOI 10.13039/100014989)
  
<a href="https://chanzuckerberg.com/">
<img
src="/logos/CZI_Logo.jpg"
title="Chan Zuckerberg Initiative Logo" alt="Chan Zuckerberg Initiative Logo"
style="float: left; height: 5em; " />
<a/>
  
* The Molecular Graphics and Modeling Society

<a href="https://mgms.org/">
<img
src="/logos/MGMS_Logo.jpeg"
title="Molecular Graphics and Modelling Society Logo" alt="Molecular Graphics and Modelling Society Logo"
style="float: left; height: 5em; " />
<a/>

MDAnalysis also thanks [NumFOCUS](https://www.numfocus.org/) for its continued support as our fiscal sponsor.

<a href="https://numfocus.org/">
<img
src="/logos/numfocus-sponsored.png"
title="NumFOCUS Sponsored Project Logo" alt="NumFOCUS Sponsored Project Logo"
style="float: left; height: 5em; " />
<a/>
